[Prometheus.AspNetCore] Update README (#7242)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Prometheus.AspNetCore/README.md

    var meterProvider = Sdk.CreateMeterProviderBuilder()
        .AddPrometheusExporter()
        .Build();

    builder.Services.AddSingleton(meterProvider);
    ```

### Step 3: Configure Prometheus Scraping Endpoint

You can use register the Prometheus scraping middleware using the

> `MapPrometheusScrapingEndpoint` extension method using the

Author: ```suggestion
`MapPrometheusScrapingEndpoint` extension method on
```

`IEndpointRouteBuilder` interface with
[Minimal APIs](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/fundamentals/minimal-apis/webapplication).
For example:

```csharp
var builder = WebApplication.CreateBuilder(args);

var app = builder.Build();

app.MapPrometheusScrapingEndpoint();
```

You can use the `IEndpointConventionBuilder` returned by the extension
method to compose with other functionality, such as to not require
authentication or to exclude HTTP metrics from the scraping endpoint
itself. For example:

```csharp
app.MapPrometheusScrapingEndpoint()
   .AllowAnonymous()
   .DisableHttpMetrics();
```

If you are using the older [Generic Host API](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/fundamentals/host/generic-host)

> you can use register the Prometheus scraping middleware using the

Author: ```suggestion
you can register the Prometheus scraping middleware with the
```
